Jie Shao
You really left Genting Tiangong, what happened?
Mom, don't you blame that old man surnamed Chu?
Because of an unknown garbage
How dare you hit me
And this
true or false?
Of course it's the old ugly guy in the village
It's just my dog.
How dare you confront my master?
If it weren't for my uncle's face
I would have skinned him long ago
I see.
Brother Jie, I heard you are going to get married
What about your girlfriend?
Why didn't you see anyone?
Speaking of this update
That Yao Wenwen actually helped this trash
I really don't know who her boyfriend is
Who is this kid?
Are you impatient to offend Jie Shaolin?
Ah what are you taking
What do you think this is?
Go away
Take your junk and get out
Jie Shao, you know this kid
I just know you.
This is the little trash I was telling you about.